LANGUAGE,Español
loginname,Usuario
password,Contraseña
language,Idioma
server,Servidor
players,Jugadores
save_login_info,Recordar información
login,Entrar
lobby,Salón
refresh,Recargar
wait,Crear partida
stop,Cancelar partida
challenge,Retar
options,Opciones
search,Buscar
mute,Silenciar
leave,Dejar PC
logout,Salir
back_to_game,Volver a la partida
status_short,Estado
title,Título
rank,Rango
name,Nombre
country,País
rate,Puntaje
waiter,En espera
country_short,País
thinking_time,Duración
handicap,Ventaja
black,Negras
white,Blancas
rule,Reglas
game_status,Estatus
monitor,Espec 
opening_short,Apertura
watch,Ver Partida
view_as,Ver como
chat,Chat
auto_scroll,desplazar
resign,Rendirse
impasse,Impasse?
flip,
close_game,Cerrar
rematch,Revancha
clear_arrows,Borrar Flechas
arrow,Flecha
clear,Borrar  
greet,Greet
check_lobby,Ver Salón
watchers,Espectadores
kifu,Kifu
copy,Copiar
save,Guardar
replay,Repetición
listen,Atender
search_panel,Pánel de Búsqueda
kifu_search,Buscar Kifu
share,Compartir 
close,Cerrar
result,Resultado
opening,Apertura
moves,Movimientos
game_date,Fecha
player_search,Buscar Jugador
win,victorias
loss,Derrotas
draw,Empates
total,Total
percentage_short,% De victoria
streak_short,Victorias en serie
signed_up,Inscripción
last_updated,Última actualización
view_rankings,Rankings
streak,Mejor serie de victorias
percentage,Porcentaje de victorias
wins,Victorias
total_games,Número de partidas
accept,Aceptar
reject,Rechazar
invitation,Invitación
set_autoreply,Definir mensaje automático
will_be_back_in,Volveré en
hours,Horas
minutes,Minutos
message,Mensaje
cancel,Cancelar
sound,Audio
blind_piece,Juego ciego
save_settings,Guardar configuración
win_small,Victorias
loss_small,Derrotas
current,Actual
invite,Invitar
detail,Detalles
favorite,Favorito
ignore,Ignorar
allow,Autorizar
set_rate,Definir rango
rated,Clasificable
nonrated,No clasificable
tournament,Torneo oficial
study_room,Modo estudio
comment,Comentario
declare,Declarar victoria
entered_impasse,Adentro
pieces_impasse,Piezas
points_impasse,Puntos
error,Error
tendency,Tendencias
rate_history,Evolución
data_table,Tabla
status,Estatus